Fair Warning to the Home Chef

These burger recipes have no ingredient amounts, they have generalized ratios (see baker percentage). Hand holding will be kept to a minimum. You are going to have to dust off some extra gumption to successfully execute these recipes. The prep lists are organized in a recommended standard operating procedure - but do whatever you want, it's your party.

Always know where your towels are - and try not cut, stab, burn, break, crush, hit, insult, or poison yourself and others.

And stop going to restaurants, unless you tip the cooking staff well.

Scratch that, go support your local family run street vendors! Destroy restaurant culture! Make your own food and eat the rich! Become the change you seek! We need more Belchers in this world!

¡Viva la Revolución!

Okay. Bon appétit.





This recipe's outline feels like it was taken from the staff cookbook of an illegal back alley bistro. There are no amounts or measurements, and the instructions are vague to curb the prying eyes of uninitiated thieves. However, any cook worth their salt could put this dish together with time to spare, no problem.

You have two hours to prep, and eight minutes to execute the dish.






  Perplexity

This is not your typical food blog fanfare. It is more akin to the pages of a restaurant master cookbook. There is no hand-holding here, as the ingredients have no amounts or measurements, and the instructions are merely suggestions. I created this burger on-the-fly for The Odin Project with no intention of bring it to life. But I'd still eat it. Trust me, it'll work.





This is my ode to HTML, CSS and Javascript.

Bon appétit,

Chef Tom





Letter to the Chefs:

You should be playing on Boss Mode.

I pooped out this recipe for the Odin Project around 3am one night while watching Bob's Burgers. Although I haven't made the dang thing yet, I'm sure it will be fine. The flavors are there, and it has just enough pizzazz to pique interest. Additionally, it's a hipster-friendly dish that pairs well with alcohol, so it will sell.

Even if it's a lamb burger. It has to be lamb burger. Stop catering to the lowest common denominator. If you use beef, hang up your chef sash. And yes, vodka in the pickle brine! I don't care what you think, it will work. I promise. I can feel it. There are solid techniques outlined in this method. You're just going to have to trust me.

One minute later: Boom. Whiskey Pickles. There is a precedent.



One last thing for everyone else:

Destroy restaurant culture.Support small family vendors.Grow and make your own food.Feed your community.

Destroy restaurant culture.Support small family vendors.Grow and make your own food.Feed your community.

Love,

Chef Tom